SEKAI{thebish0p} (#4)
blueset/sekai.team: data/authors/msimonelli.md

order: 3
---

> Hi! I'm marco. I'm a c++ dev and reverse engineer in my spare time, with the occasional sprinkling of pwn on the side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi! I’m Marco. I’m a C++ dev and reverse engineer in my spare time, with the occasional sprinkling of pwn on the side.
```
